
 
HAMLET, PRINCE OF DENMARKby William ShakespearePERSONS REPRESENTED.Claudius, King of Denmark.Hamlet, Son to the former, and Nephew to the present King.Polonius, Lord Chamberlain.Horatio, Friend to Hamlet.Laertes, Son to Polonius.Voltimand, Courtier.Cornelius, Courtier.Rosencrantz, Courtier.Guildenstern, Courtier.Osric, Courtier.A Gentleman, Courtier.A Priest.Marcellus, Officer.Bernardo, Officer.Francisco, a SoldierReynaldo, Servant to Polonius.Players.Two Clowns, Grave-diggers.Fortinbras, Prince of Norway.A Captain.English Ambassadors.Ghost of Hamlet's Father.Gertrude, Queen of Denmark, and Mother of Hamlet.Ophelia, Daughter to Polonius.Lords, Ladies, Officers, Soldiers, Sailors, Messengers, and otherAttendants.SCENE. Elsinore.ACT I.Scene I. Elsinore. A platform before the Castle.[Francisco at his post. Enter to him Bernardo.]Ber.Who's there?Fran.Nay, answer me: stand, and unfold yourself.Ber.Long live the king!Fran.Bernardo?
 
Ber.He.Fran.You come most carefully upon your hour.Ber.'Tis now struck twelve. Get thee to bed, Francisco.Fran.For this relief much thanks: 'tis bitter cold,And I am sick at heart.Ber.Have you had quiet guard?Fran.Not a mouse stirring.Ber.Well, good night.If you do meet Horatio and Marcellus,The rivals of my watch, bid them make haste.Fran.I think I hear them.--Stand, ho! Who is there?[Enter Horatio and Marcellus.]Hor.Friends to this ground.Mar.And liegemen to the Dane.Fran.Give you good-night.Mar.O, farewell, honest soldier;Who hath reliev'd you?Fran.Bernardo has my place.Give you good-night.[Exit.]Mar.Holla! Bernardo!Ber.Say.What, is Horatio there?Hor.A piece of him.Ber.Welcome, Horatio:--Welcome, good Marcellus.
 
Mar.What, has this thing appear'd again to-night?Ber.I have seen nothing.Mar.Horatio says 'tis but our fantasy,And will not let belief take hold of himTouching this dreaded sight, twice seen of us:Therefore I have entreated him alongWith us to watch the minutes of this night;That, if again this apparition comeHe may approve our eyes and speak to it.Hor.Tush, tush, 'twill not appear.Ber.Sit down awhile,And let us once again assail your ears,That are so fortified against our story,What we two nights have seen.Hor.Well, sit we down,And let us hear Bernardo speak of this.Ber.Last night of all,When yond same star that's westward from the poleHad made his course to illume that part of heavenWhere now it burns, Marcellus and myself,The bell then beating one,--Mar.Peace, break thee off; look where it comes again![Enter Ghost, armed.]Ber.In the same figure, like the king that's dead.Mar.Thou art a scholar; speak to it, Horatio.Ber.Looks it not like the King? mark it, Horatio.Hor.Most like:--it harrows me with fear and wonder.Ber.It would be spoke to.Mar.Question it, Horatio.Hor.
You're reading a free preview.
Pages 4 to 40 are not shown in this preview.
Read the full version
You're reading a free preview.
Pages 44 to 95 are not shown in this preview.
Read the full version
You're reading a free preview.
Pages 99 to 113 are not shown in this preview.
Read the full version
Similar to hamlet.txt

    Hamlet - William Shakespeare
    Hamlet
    Hamlet
    Hamlet
    Hamlet
    Hamlet
    Hamlet - William Shakespeare
    Hamlet, Prince of Denmark
    Shakespeare - Hamlet (Yale Shakespeare)
    Shakespeare William 1564 1616 Hamlet
    THE TRAGEDY OF HAMLET, PRINCE OF DENMARK by William Shakespeare.pdf
    Hamlet eText
    Hamlet
    Hamlet
    The Tragedy of Hamlet
    Hamlet Skit
    Hamlet Script
    Hamlet
    Ghost Scene
    Untitled
    Hamlet
    Hamlet
    Hamlet
    Hamlet b -Ian 2015
    william shakespeare - hamlet
    Hamlet Act 1 Sc i Question Comments
    hamlet.pdf
    Hamlet
    hamlet-Σαιξπηρ
    Hamlet
    hamlet.txt

More From This User

    Handouts Big O Notes
    Liga de Patinaje de Antioquia
    tarea1
    Lab Electrobisturi
    Technique
    Cien CIA
    enviar1
    Phonography Requirements
    Documento
    2014 Calendario Eventos Deportivos Indeportes Antioquia 300414
    practica lab
    R-067-14 Circular de Rectoría Para Abril de 2014 Final
    Estudiantes que han estado en investigación Colegio Cooperativo San Antonio de Prado
    geometria.docx
    tmp51758d4e3adf9_OptiumDBMGel68-40-149-01.pdf
    Artículo.docx
    Doc 02.pdf
    titulación2.xlsx
    Programacion-Pruebas-MET-2013.pptx
    Hallar_la_funcion_de_transferencias_de_pulsos.docx
    kits de extracción DNA
    RESOLUCION 036 MENORES NOVATOS Y LIGA (1).pdf
    resH.xlsx
    1.docx

About

    Browse books
    Site directory
    About Scribd
    Meet the team
    Our blog
    Join our team!
    Contact Us

Partners

    Publishers
    Developers / API

Legal

    Terms
    Privacy
    Copyright

Support

    Help
    FAQ
    Accessibility
    Press
    Purchase help
    AdChoices

Memberships

    Join today
    Invite Friends
    Gifts

    Scribd on AppstoreScribd on Google Play

Copyright © 2017 Scribd Inc. .Terms of service.Accessibility.Privacy.Mobile Site.Site Language:
English

